{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133\vieww21700\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 PERSONAL LEARNING LOG \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \
You do not have to answer to all themes every week, only when you have something to say. However it is important that you use this learning log as a weekly \'93check list\'94, think and reflect back every themes. Especially focus on issues that you learnt while doing things in practice! \
Please start any of your comments by entry Wxx where xx is the week number. (see example under the third theme)\
\
You are supposed to just continue writing on this single learning log document, not one for each week. \
\
The learning log serves two purposes:\
\uc0\u8232 (i) Thinking through what you have learned in an unstructured work amplifies your learning (there is clear scientific evidence on this :-)\u8232 (ii) Feedback for the course instructor on how this type of course could be improved.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul THEMES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \
1. What inspired you this week?  \
\
\
2. What was surprising? \
\
\
3. What did you learn about innovation and idea generation? (Examples how to fill the log below)\
W4 You should look first at trends and what is changing, then opportunities that they create, ideas are about executing on the opportunities. \
W6 Ok, our idea was not too good, but it is normal, it should be viewed as a starting point that lets us start to work on the opportunity.\
W7 Hard work!\
\
\
4. What did you learn about business development.\
\pard\tx20\tx260\pardeftab720\li240\fi-240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	-	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Business models and business model design.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	-	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Business model development process (Lean startup process).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	-	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tools, eg. modelling canvases.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
5. What did you learn about sustainability in the context of business development?\
\
\
6. What did you learn about Stakeholder/customer collaboration \
\
\
7. What did you learn about technology, tools and software development? \
\
\
8. Comments on teamwork, good or bad. Anything that worked well or did not?\
\
\
9. Where did most of the learning come from, from the mentor, your team fellows or yourself, other teams, maybe some of the stakeholders? \
- here keep a little bit of track on from where you learn \
\
\
10 . Free comments. Anything specifically worth mentioning?\
\
}